---
layout: default
title: NATM
permalink: /frontend/To Do
---

{% include nav.frontend.html %}

## blog post

1. digital media production: the outside presentation wasn't expcted but interesting. the designs had a smooth quality I wasn't expecting and the actual products were really high quality for a starter class.

2. ceramics: really interesting diverse projects like an octopus and a grape jar. a lot of time was clearly put into the stuff. different than i remember when i took the class. there was a really detailed anatomically correct heart which seems like it was really difficult to make.

3. csp a: a ton of people in the classroom, but all of the coders seemed really invested and passionate, especially brias group for the clothing website

4. ap studio art: the walk arund was a little obnocious but the art was really textured and i wasnt expecting some of it to be as 3d as it was. the artists are really talented and it seems like professional work and i really admire their skill. there was also ceramis which i wasnt expecting and it was really detailed with skulls and mushrooms. there was also a cool dolphin lamp.

5. d+p: really diverse takes on projects and lots of different colors. nicely arranged room and really vibrant art that clearly took a lot of effort. 


<input name="natm" type="Image" src="{{site.baseurl}}/images/natm.jpeg"   width="400" 
     height="500" />
<input name="natm2" type="Image" src="{{site.baseurl}}/images/natm2.JPG"   width="400" 
     height="500" />

IDEAS FOR NEXT TRIMESTER/ REVIEW OF THIS TRIMESTER 

1. Things I would do differently this tri: spend my time better and watch more instructional videos/spend more time looking things up for myself

2. Ideas for next tri: I want to try making a more complicated, design based minigame because i like design

### FINAL CORRECTIONS:

1. Documentation for procedure with lists
     My answer was that the machine interchanges the values of j and k, but it really returns a copy of the list with the elements at j and k interchanged 
2. Q11 How nested loops with lists function
     I said the code segement interates through myList comparing each element that immediately follows, but really it is with all elements that follow it (wider parameter and more complete results)
3.  Test cases for grade assignment with nested if
     I got the 8 correct, but I selected 7 instead of 6. 6 will display a check when it deserves a check minus because it is under 7
4. Q16 How information is transmitted on the Internet
     I said they needed to be recieved in a specific order, but computer algorithms can decipher and reassemble them regardless of order. 
5. Q17 Purpose of Internet protocols
     I said it needed advance notice when it does not- routing does not require it. 
6. Q24 Put binary and decimal numbers in order
     I said 1101 was less than 12 when in actuality it equals 13.
7. Q28 Assign cost for utility company
     I incorrectly selected the option that would only bill customers for over 25 units instead of accumulating all units 
8. Q32 Contents of myList and yourList
     I just put the original contents of yourList when in actuality the contents of myList replace yourList
9. Q34 Music instrument lists after assignments
     I added the list together when I should have swapped it.
10. Q35 Set maxPS based on time
     I accidentally only chose one option instead of two.
11. Q36 Store even numbers in evenList
     The option I chose would not begin with two because i is set to 1 not 0.
12. Q37 Swap values of num1 and num2
     There needed to be a temporary variable in order to accurately swap the two numbers and I chose an option without one.
13. Q39 Valid index for wordList
     Indices of a list are nonnegative integers not words
14. Q41 Value of r after sequence of assignments
     I chose the initial value, not the changed value (10 as opposed to 20)
15. Q43 Value of x after REPEAT UNTIL block
     I chose 21, which would only be true if the loop iterated an additional time. the real answer is 15.
16. Q47 Values of variables after arithmetic operations
     I ended with 40 instead of 50 because i did my initial calculations wrong.

<input name="final" type="Image" src="{{site.baseurl}}/images/final.png"   width="400" 
     height="500" />
